many months have passed since a horrible
strain of mad cow disease mutated into
mad person disease that became mad
zombie disease
which overran the entire united states
with the infection presumably spreading
to the rest of the world
turning many americans into vicious
zombies
survivors of the zombie epidemic have
learned that growing attached to other
survivors is not advisable because they
could die at any moment
so many have taken to using their city
of origin as nicknames
lonely college student columbus jesse
eisenberg
is making his way from his college dorm
in austin texas
to columbus ohio to see whether his
parents are still alive
he encounters tallahassee woody
harrelson another survivor
who is particularly aggressive when
killing zombies
though he does not appear to be friendly
tallahassee reluctantly allows columbus
to travel with him
tallahassee mentions he misses his puppy
buck that was killed by
zombies as well as his addiction to
twinkies which he actively tries to find
the pair meets wichita emma stone and
her younger sister little rock
abigail breslin in a grocery store
the sisters turn out to be con artists
and trick tallahassee
and columbus into handing over their
weapons by pretending that little rock
is infected by the disease
then stealing their escalade the two men
find a yellow hummer h2 loaded with
weapons and go after the sisters
however the girls spring another trap
for them and take them hostage
tallahassee steals his gun back and has
a standoff with wichita
until columbus intervened saying that
they have bigger problems to worry about
resulting in an uneasy truce between
them
the sisters reveal that they are going
to the pacific playland amusement park
in los angeles
an area supposedly free of zombies after
learning his hometown has been destroyed
and his parents likely killed columbus
decides to accompany
the others to california along the trip
columbus persists in trying to impress
and woo wichita
when the group reaches hollywood
tallahassee directs them to the mansion
of bill murray
tallahassee and wichita meet murray
himself uninfected but disguised as a
zombie so he can walk safely around town
murray is killed when columbus shoots
him mistaking him for a real zombie
during a practical joke while watching
ghostbusters with little rock
columbus realizes during a game of
monopoly that buck was not tallahassee's
puppy
but his young son who had become
infected and died as a result
wichita and columbus become increasingly
attracted to each other
and tallahassee bonds with little rock
with whom he was previously feuding
despite wichita's attraction to columbus
she fears attachment and leaves with
little rock for pacific playland the
next morning
columbus decides to go after wichita and
convinces tallahassee to join him
at pacific playland the sisters activate
all the rides and lights so they can
enjoy the park
only to unwittingly draw the attention
of a multitude of zombies in the
surrounding area
a chase ensues and just as the sisters
are trapped on a drop tower ride
tallahassee and columbus arrive
tallahassee lures the zombies away
creating a distraction for columbus to
get to the tower ride
both using the attractions to their
advantage
tallahassee eventually locks himself in
a game booth
shooting zombies as they arrive columbus
successfully evades and shoots through
several zombies to reach the tower and
help the girls down
but not before changing one of his rules
for survival to conquer his fear of
clowns while facing off against a clown
zombie
as a show of gratitude wichita kisses
columbus and reveals her real name
krista as the group leaves pacific
playland
columbus realizes that without relating
to other people
one might as well be a zombie and that
he now has what he has always wanted a
family